hey the purpose of this video is not to
ridicule genk weger it's not to make
these guys look like idiots it's not
even to criticize them the reality is
the gen Weger is a guy who devoted most
of his adult life to talking about
political and ethical issues and to some
extent researching them and you can hear
that at 8 45 he's still just learning
where milk comes from it's a question a
child might ask but it's a question a
child might not get an honest answer to
the analogy of there are things that
people think you don't want to see right
you don't want to see where that taco
meat came from at 59 cents right so as I
tell that story and I know that correct
answer is now you gotta look because the
then people are going to make the wrong
decisions for you right that if you were
looking you'd say no no don't do that
don't do that you'd be right to say
don't do that so my problem is that I
love me right so I I'm doing the same
thing I tell people not to do which is I
I'm desperately trying not to look like
I don't know what it is I don't want to
know what it is I fear that if I ever
see how they make it that I'll net I
won't be able to eat it again yeah for a
number of reasons insurance well the
your ethical compass would be I would
probably keep you from certainly you'd
think twice about it or you did what
we've done the only thing i would say it
without it you know without getting into
any of the stuff what actually happens
what we've done and we've done a
successful because if you want not to
know which is very eat and I don't blame
people for not why no it's it's horrible
i liked it was like a little bit and
it's horrible is we've completely
isolated our food from what it is it
looks nothing like the thing it came
from no matter what the food is if it's
fish doesn't look like a fish if it's if
it's chicken uh something like chicken
it's chicken fingers that are digging
out that our deep-fried and meat is the
same way to take all of it doesn't it
doesn't look like that animal anymore so
it removes you from the suffering and
from the the horror that is that
industry so look you're right and and
the animal cruelty that happens that's
the only part that i do see right right
when we cover that
show like if you're being quote unquote
decent to the cow whatever the that
means right and then I eat it later I
can live with it right now but if you're
beating the cow up and you're doing all
these grotesque things to it dumb don't
don't do that don't do that what you
don't need to do that the only reason
you do that is because you want to make
an extra buck right I find that but but
the system that is really uh established
and isn't kicking the out of
something is even more disturbing to me
and that you know like dairy like I was
a big cheese freak you know I would have
I love I could I would always say oh my
god a cheese store and they're all over
Southern California now at all in major
cities they're like Disneyland to me I
would eat so much cheese and I love it
and them started reading stuff and
learning about the way they get dairy
nothing what's what's the problem of
dairy it's like the cows well apparently
the cows don't give milk unless they're
pregnant so they artificially inseminate
them which is uh and by the way that's a
whole other thing I did this on my
podcast a hold because the woman we had
on had written a book about going to all
these different farms you'd fall out of
Wall Street she was not sure as a city
kid or did anyway we talked about so
apparently they artificially inseminate
the cows and then they get pregnant and
of course they start to milk it's for
their calf the offspring comes they take
the calf they toss it into a wheelbarrow
you know the mother screams out I mean
it's a they're very maternal these kind
of these cows right and they wheel it
off and that cow becomes veal okay that
calf and they they milk the cow
relentlessly the one that is left and
she's of course she's in her own morning
and the whole emotional thing it's that
whatever but they also just relentlessly
milk and that's why you need antibiotics
for these cat because these those things
that they attach to their udders they
create all kinds of sores and all this
sort of things so anyway they're milked
so relentless in this process is
continued for their entire lives which
are short because they are so
unrelentingly milked and then they
slaughter them and those are the downer
cows the ones that can't quite get up
the platform because they're so depleted
from this process so no cow is being
beaten there in that description that I
just gave you that's pretty much just
business as usual on a dairy farm
there's no and so when I found about
that I thought
wow man I can't I can't be part of it
anymore right it was that was hard for
me because I love cheese as I just told
you but I had to push away from that so
that's the kind of institutionalized
mechanism that kind of always bothered
me I really can sympathize we're all
born ignorant and most of us grow up and
stay ignorant especially on simple
questions such as where does our food
come from but you just heard an example
of two people who are highly ethically
motivated highly politically motivated
highly vocal highly influential and they
could be on our side and at age 45 genk
Weger is sitting there at a desk
figuring out the basics of where milk
comes from and deciding what it means
and what he's going to do with the rest
of his life that's a process some people
go through at age 15 25 but some people
are going to go through it at age 65 I
know someone here in Victoria and she
asks you managed to convert her
grandmother to veganism and the reason
that happened I think she wouldn't have
bothered you know having a big
confrontation with her grandmother but
her grandmother was confronting her her
grandmother was trying to convince the
granddaughter that she needed me to live
you know the story the regular
misconceptions that if you don't have
meat and dairy you're going to collapse
and in the process the granddaughter
educated the grandmother and you know in
some significant way turn that older
person's life around so look it is what
it is veganism is an ethical struggle it
is an ecological struggle it is a
political struggle but it is also in
some ways as simple as quitting smoking
and people need help to quit smoking I
need public education to quit smoking at
every age 15 4565 you name it